Add listen command for local webhook relay (#26)
svix/svix-cli: README.md

svix application list --limit 2 --iterator some_iterator 
```

## Using the `listen` command

The `listen` command creates an on-the-fly publicly accessible URL for use when testing webhooks.

> The cli then acts as a proxy, forwarding any requests to the given localURL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cli then acts as a proxy, forwarding any requests to the given local URL.
```

This is useful for testing your webhook server locally without having to open a port or
change any nat configuration on your network.

Example:
    `svix listen http://localhost:8000/webhook/`

> 

Reviewer: Show example output?
